samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/api/ginfer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/IlmImf/ImfWav.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/src/lsd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/src/utils/filesystem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/calib3d/perf/perf_undistort.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/layers/detection_output_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/objdetect/test/test_aruco_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/features2d/src/sift.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/perf/perf_corners.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/IlmThread/IlmThreadSemaphoreWin32.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/photo/test/test_cloning.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/perf/common/gapi_imgproc_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/test/cpu/gapi_operators_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/photo/perf/opencl/perf_denoising.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/distrans.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgcodecs/perf/perf_jpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/perf/perf_compare.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/calib3d/src/usac/ransac_solvers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/cmake/checks/cpu_rvv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/layers/instance_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/streaming/onevpl/engine/preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/api/render_ocv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/IlmImf/ImfCRgbaFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/perf/perf_morph.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/IlmImf/ImfTileDescriptionAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/videoio/src/cap_v4l.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/streaming/onevpl/engine/preproc/preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/IlmImf/ImfDeepTiledInputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/samples/oak_rgb_camera_encoding.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/test/test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/perf/perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/semihosting/norm/norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/wp8/OcvRotatingCube/PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1/PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp/Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/src/softfloat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/videoio/test/test_dynamic.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/photo/test/test_hdr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/calib3d/test/test_compose_rt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/backend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/vkcom/shader/conv_1x1_fast_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/calib3d/src/triangulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/test/test_intelligent_scissors.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/src/bindings_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/tensorflow/tf_graph_simplifier.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/apps/traincascade/old_ml_boost.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/stitching/src/util.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/highgui/test/test_gui.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/caffe/caffe_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/ml/src/inner_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/perf/opencl/perf_imgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/facial_features.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/gapi/porting_anisotropic_image_segmentation/porting_anisotropic_image_segmentation_gapi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/tensorflow/tf_io.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/perf/cpu/gapi_core_perf_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/init.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/test/test_contours_new.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/layers/proposal_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/halide_scheduler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/features2d/src/mser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/cmake/checks/atomic_check.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/calib3d/src/fisheye.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/videoio/src/cap_obsensor/obsensor_uvc_stream_channel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/features2d/src/gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/videoio/perf/perf_output.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/gapi/age_gender_emotion_recognition/age_gender_emotion_recognition.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/videoio/src/cap_gphoto2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/stitching/test/test_stitcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/test/own/mat_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/objdetect/test/test_aruco_tutorial.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/src/opencl/runtime/opencl_clfft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/calib3d/test/test_affine_partial2d_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/streaming/onevpl/engine/engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/video/perf/perf_variational_refinement.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/ffilldemo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/highgui/src/window_gtk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/videocapture_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/ImgProc/out_of_focus_deblur_filter/out_of_focus_deblur_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/src/minmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/videoio/test/test_audio.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/calib3d/test/test_decompose_projection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/calib3d/src/undistort.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/src/matchcontours.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/videoio/test/test_microphone.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/simd_basic.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/test/gapi_fluid_roi_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/test/test_intrin_emulator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tree_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/perf/opencl/perf_houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/carotene/src/count_nonzero.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgcodecs/src/grfmt_pam.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/src/lpsolver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/calib3d/test/test_calibration_hand_eye.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgcodecs/src/grfmt_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/ndsrvp/src/bilateralFilter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/ndsrvp/src/filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgcodecs/test/test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/vkcom/src/buffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/test/test_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/stitching/test/ocl/test_warpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/digits_svm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/ml/non_linear_svms/non_linear_svms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgcodecs/test/test_jpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/wp8/OcvRotatingCube/PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1/PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp/Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/layers/split_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/Histograms_Matching/calcBackProject_Demo1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/IlmImf/ImfRleCompressor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/test/ocl/test_gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/src/norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/photo/src/denoising.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/ShapeDescriptors/pointPolygonTest_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/layers/convolution_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/video/perf/perf_optflowpyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/video/src/tracking/detail/tracker_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/snippets/imgproc_drawContours.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/cmake/checks/cpu_sse2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/python/src2/cv2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/test/rmat/rmat_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/cout_mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgcodecs/test/test_webp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/core/mat_mask_operations/mat_mask_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/calib3d/real_time_pose_estimation/src/CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/src/dxt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/test/test_ptr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/calib3d/test/test_chessboardgenerator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/backends/ie/giebackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/streaming/onevpl/source_priv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/objectDetection/create_diamond.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/test/ocl/test_filters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/src/opengl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgcodecs/src/rgbe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/ocl4dnn/src/ocl4dnn_inner_product.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/src/generalized_hough.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/wp8/OcvImageManipulation/PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1/PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp/Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/test/test_hasnonzero.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/carotene/src/add_weighted.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/layers/group_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/IlmImf/ImfMultiPartOutputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/src/resize.lasx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/calib3d/test/test_modelest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/3rdparty/vasot/src/components/ot/mtt/objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/perf/streaming/gapi_streaming_source_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/objdetect/src/aruco/apriltag/zmaxheap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/torch/THDiskFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/src/bilateral_filter.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/winrt/ImageManipulations/MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/cmake/checks/cpu_lsx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/Imath/ImathBox.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgcodecs/src/grfmt_avif.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/features2d/test/test_drawing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/vkcom/src/command.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/IlmImf/ImfRational.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/test/s11n/gapi_sample_pipelines_s11n.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/semihosting/histogram/histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/stitching/src/camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/IlmImf/ImfFrameBuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/test/own/thread_pool_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/java/generator/src/cpp/jni_part.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/src/distransform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/perf/opencl/perf_usage_flags.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/layers/region_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/video/test/test_kalman.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/flann_search_dataset.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/src/matrix_transform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/video/perf/opencl/perf_dis_optflow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/net_impl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/select3dobj.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/src/gl_core_3_1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/photo/src/contrast_preserve.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/segment_objects.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/carotene/src/minmaxloc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/vkcom/src/op_matmul.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/features2D/feature_description/SURF_matching_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/perf/cpu/gapi_core_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/videocapture_starter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/calib3d/src/fundam.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/src/alloc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/neural_network.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/src/copy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/src/persistence_types.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/videoio/src/cap_mfx_writer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/streaming/onevpl/engine/processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/photo/src/calibrate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/src/utils/logtagconfigparser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/layers/cpu_kernels/convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/winrt/ImageManipulations/pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/test/internal/gapi_int_pattern_matching_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/features2D/Homography/pose_from_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/backends/ov/bindings_ov.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/videoio/src/cap_winrt/CaptureFrameGrabber.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/IlmImf/ImfRationalAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/camshiftdemo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/IlmImf/ImfFramesPerSecond.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/carotene/src/convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/objdetect/perf/perf_qrcode_pipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/test/streaming/gapi_streaming_sync_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/core/parallel_backend/example-openmp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/objectDetection/create_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/ml/test/test_lr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgcodecs/test/test_png.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/features2d/test/test_akaze.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/cmake/checks/cpu_fp16.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/ml/src/svm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/java/generator/src/cpp/converters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/video/src/tracking/detail/tracker_feature_set.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/videoio/src/cap_winrt/MediaStreamSink.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/smiledetect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/3rdparty/vasot/src/components/ot/tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/tapi/bgfg_segm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/perf/opencl/perf_3vs4.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgcodecs/src/grfmt_jpeg2000_openjpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgcodecs/src/grfmt_bmp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/gpu/video_reader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/carotene/src/warp_affine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/test/gapi_opaque_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/ImgProc/Threshold_inRange.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/vkcom/src/context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/carotene/src/fill_minmaxloc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/test/streaming/gapi_streaming_vpp_preproc_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/cmake/checks/cpu_avx512.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/objectDetection/calibrate_camera_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/3rdparty/vasot/src/components/ot/mtt/hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/op_cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/carotene/src/separable_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/backends/onnx/dml_ep.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/backends/streaming/gstreamingbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/stitching/test/test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/apps/annotation/opencv_annotation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/src/contours_link.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/api/gcall.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/video/src/tracking/detail/tracker_state_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/net_impl_backend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/test/test_graph_simplifier.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/layers/cpu_kernels/fast_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/objdetect/perf/perf_barcode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/cmake/checks/cpu_neon_dotprod.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/openvx/no_wrappers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/stitching/perf/opencl/perf_warpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/gpu/bgfg_segm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/IlmImf/ImfAcesFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/Histograms_Matching/calcHist_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/features2d/test/ocl/test_brute_force_matcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/stitching/src/stitcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/src/imgwarp.lasx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/highgui/src/backend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/src/check.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/Histograms_Matching/compareHist_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/IlmImf/ImfDeepScanLineOutputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/calib3d/perf/perf_affine2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/src/tables.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/calib3d/camera_calibration/camera_calibration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/IlmThread/IlmThreadSemaphorePosixCompat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/ml/src/kdtree.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/perf/perf_convolution1d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/wp8/OcvImageManipulation/PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1/PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp/pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/dnn_read.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/videocapture_gphoto2_autofocus.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/gpu/super_resolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/snippets/imgproc_calcHist.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/perf/render/gapi_render_perf_tests_ocv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/streaming/gstreamer/gstreamerpipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/perf/perf_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/perf/opencl/perf_pyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/snippets/core_various.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/test/ocl/test_image2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/objdetect/src/barcode_decoder/abs_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/test/common/gapi_render_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/dbt_face_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/src/lut.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/video/meanshift/camshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/ts/src/ts_gtest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/ts/src/ocl_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/api/gmat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/api/garray.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/src/stackblur.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/video/src/tracking/tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/wp8/OcvImageManipulation/PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1/PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp/Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/ml/src/nbayes.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/streaming/onevpl/data_provider_interface_exception.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/test/gapi_transform_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/src/connectedcomponents.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/carotene/src/sum.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/IlmImf/ImfTileOffsets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/backends/fluid/gfluidcore_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/test/gapi_graph_meta_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/npr_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/em.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/api/s11n.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/backends/cpu/gcpuot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/src/floodfill.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/video/src/bgfg_KNN.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/src/contours.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/carotene/src/absdiff.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/executor/gstreamingexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/perf/perf_integral.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/video/test/ocl/test_dis.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/video/src/tracking/detail/tracker_sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/features2d/src/kaze.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/test/cpu/gapi_imgproc_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/src/persistence_base64_encoding.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/api/gkernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/world/src/world_init.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/cmake/checks/cpu_vsx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/video/test/test_trackers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/backends/fluid/gfluidimgproc_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/IlmImf/ImfStandardAttributes.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/samples/face_detection_mtcnn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/gpu/hog.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/features2d/src/blobdetector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/cmake/checks/directx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/ts/src/cuda_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/test/test_intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/stitching/test/test_blenders.cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/cmake/checks/cpu_sse42.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/TrackingMotion/cornerSubPix_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/ndsrvp/src/remap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/Iex/IexBaseExc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/cmake/checks/cpu_lasx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/src/split.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/photo/test/test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/streaming/onevpl/accelerators/surface/dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/test/cpu/gapi_ot_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/IlmImf/ImfPreviewImageAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/layers/cpu_kernels/conv_depthwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/src/streaming/onevpl/accelerators/surface/cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/graph_simplifier.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/videoio/src/cap_mjpeg_encoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/tapi/clahe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/videoio/src/cap_mjpeg_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgcodecs/src/grfmt_png.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/samples/pipeline_modeling_tool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/ImgProc/changing_contrast_brightness_image/changing_contrast_brightness_image.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/gapi/test/gapi_mat_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/calib3d/test/opencl/test_stereobm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/core/how_to_scan_images/how_to_scan_images.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/ml/src/boost.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/carotene/src/reduce.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/test/ocl/test_imgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/IlmImf/ImfEnvmapAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/openexr/IlmThread/IlmThreadMutex.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/layers/tile_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/js/src/core_bindings.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/ts/src/ts_arrtest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/perf/perf_einsum.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/layers/max_unpooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/opencv_version.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/calib3d/real_time_pose_estimation/src/CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/perf/perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/objdetect/test/test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/perf/cuda/perf_gpumat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/3rdparty/carotene/src/integral.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/core/src/array.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/matchmethod_orb_akaze_brisk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/cmake/checks/directml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/net_cann.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/imgcodecs/test/test_avif.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/dnn/src/layers/flatten_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/features2d/test/test_agast.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/tapi/pyrlk_optical_flow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/objdetect/src/aruco/apriltag/apriltag_quad_thresh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/modules/objdetect/test/test_charucodetection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv/samples/cpp/tutorial_code/objectDetection/detect_board_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/EntityImageDegenerated.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/ftile/vcompact/FtileFactoryDelegatorAddNote.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/eggs/SentenceDecoder.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/draw/TimeHeaderCalendar.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/creole/command/SpriteCommand.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/font/FontPosition.java java
samples/plantuml/src/jcckit/data/DataListener.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/LinkAnchor.java java
samples/opencv/samples/java/tutorial_code/core/AddingImages/AddingImages.java java
samples/plantuml/test/net/sourceforge/plantuml/url/UrlBuilderTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/style/StyleBuilder.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/shape/TextBlockRecentred.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_Agsym_s.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/command/CommandScale.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/DefinitionsContainer.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/command/CommandAutonumberResume.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/salt/factory/ElementFactoryDroplist.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/ReverseColor.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/ftile/FtileMargedWest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/regexdiagram/RegexExpression.java java
samples/plantuml/src/gen/lib/common/htmltable__c.java java
samples/plantuml/src/zext/plantuml/com/google/zxing/common/CharacterSetECI.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/regexdiagram/RegexParsingException.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_Agcbstack_s.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_triangle_t.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/time/Day.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/salt/element/ElementMenuPopup.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/braille/DriverTextBraille.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/creole/atom/AtomEmoji.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/objectdiagram/command/CommandCreateJson.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/extremity/ExtremityStateLine1.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/AbstractUGraphicHorizontalLine.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/DirectionalTextBlock.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/command/note/CommandFactoryNoteActivity.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/DateFunction.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/elk/proxy/graph/ElkEdgeSection.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/zopfli/BlockSplitter.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/StringEater.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/ClusterDecoration.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/lang/PairOfSomething.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/json/JsonHandler.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/annotation/Foo.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/shape/TextBlockEmpty.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/command/CommandCircleSpot3.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/sprite/SpriteContainer.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/code/AsciiEncoderHex.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/scxml/ScXmlTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/gitlog/GitDiagram.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/cucadiagram/package-info.java java
samples/plantuml/src/gen/lib/dotgen/rank__c.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/shape/UPolygon.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/cucadiagram/BodierSimple.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/IsLight.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/command/CommandMultilines3.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/Lower.java java
samples/opencv/samples/android/color-blob-detection/src/org/opencv/samples/colorblobdetect/ColorBlobDetectionActivity.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/draw/TimeHeader.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/timingdiagram/graphic/PDrawing.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/InstructionCollection.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/graphic/LivingParticipantBox.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/GroupMakerState.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/StdrptV2.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_Rect_t.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/visio/DriverPolygonVdx.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/scxml/SCXML0004_Test.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/command/CommandTitle.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/board/BNode.java java
samples/opencv/modules/core/misc/java/src/java/core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/LogicalNxor.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/abel/EntityUtils.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/TimLoader.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/DotStringFactory.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/creole/atom/AtomOpenIcon.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram/ActivityDiagram.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/ftile/vcompact/FtileFactoryDelegatorWhile.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/shape/TextBlockTitle.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/shape/SingleLine.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/color/ColorType.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_xlabel_t.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/descdiagram/command/StringWithArrow.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/shape/UComment.java java
samples/plantuml/test/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/GetJsonTypeTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/eggs/PSystemWelcomeFactory.java java
samples/plantuml/src/org/stathissideris/ascii2image/graphics/DiagramComponent.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/decoration/symbol/USymbolEntityDomain.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/regex/RegexResult.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/iterator/CodeIteratorIf.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/dedication/package-info.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/skin/VisibilityModifier.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/webp/SubBlock.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/cucadiagram/HideOrShow.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/time/Instant.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/command/CommandRankDir.java java
samples/plantuml/src/gen/lib/cdt/dtrestore__c.java java
samples/plantuml/src/gen/lib/label/rectangle__c.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/regex/Pattern2.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_Node_t___or_object_t.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/PlainDiagram.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/hand/UPathHand.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_dtdata_s.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/TeozTimelineIssues_0003_TestResult.java java
samples/opencv/modules/features2d/misc/java/test/HARRISFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/lang/ComplementDate.java java
samples/plantuml/src/jcckit/plot/Legend.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/core/TaskSeparator.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/timingdiagram/command/CommandChangeState.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/oregon/KeyboardList.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/image/EntityImageArcCircle.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/teoz/NotesTile.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/salt/PSystemSalt.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/openiconic/SvgPosition.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/command/CommandNamespace2.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/real/Real.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/extremity/MiddleFactory.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/xmi/CucaDiagramXmiMaker.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/lang/ComplementNamed.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/bpm/Cell.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/expression/Knowledge.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/compress/CompressionTransform.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/creole/atom/AbstractAtom.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/abel/DisplayPositionned.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/math/TeXIconBuilder.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/EaterException.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/eggs/PSystemAppleTwoFactory.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/chronology/ComplementAnything.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/Getenv.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/SequenceLayout_0006_Test.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/draw/TimeHeaderYearly.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/TeozTimelineIssues_0007_Test.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/chronology/SentenceHappensChronology.java java
samples/opencv/modules/features2d/misc/java/test/SIFTDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/MessageExoType.java java
samples/plantuml/src/com/plantuml/api/cheerpj/v1/DirectDraw.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/tikz/DriverTextTikz.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/zopfli/Squeeze.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/image/Opale.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/eps/DriverPolygonEps.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/regex/RegexOptional.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/swing/DirWatcher2.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/ftile/vertical/FtileCircleSpot.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/RandomFunction.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/ditaa/PSystemDitaa.java java
samples/opencv/modules/core/misc/java/src/java/core+Mat.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/UParamNull.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/yaml/YamlDiagramFactory.java java
samples/opencv/samples/android/camera-calibration/src/org/opencv/samples/cameracalibration/OnCameraFrameRender.java java
samples/plantuml/src/jcckit/plot/SymbolFactory.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/creole/legacy/AtomText.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/FunctionsSet.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/nwdiag/next/NBar.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/ChenMovieAlias_TestResult.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/extremity/ExtremityFactoryParenthesis.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/ftile/vcompact/FtileSwitch.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/descdiagram/EntityImageMachine.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/extremity/Extremity.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/core/Resource.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/sprite/SpriteSvg.java java
samples/opencv/modules/java/generator/android-21/java/org/opencv/android/CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/command/Command.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/decoration/symbol/USymbolStack.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/TeozAltElseParallel_0006_Test.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/scxml/SCXML0001_Test.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/png/PngFlashcoder.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/LogicalNor.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/graphic/DrawableSet.java java
samples/opencv/samples/android/video-recorder/src/org/opencv/samples/recorder/RecorderActivity.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/code/CompressionZlibAttic.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/WithPorts.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/SequenceLayout_0005_TestResult.java java
samples/plantuml/src/gen/lib/gvc/gvc__c.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/lang/SentenceOccurs.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/xmi/XmiClassDiagramArgo.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/Value.java java
samples/plantuml/src/smetana/core/debug/Purify.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/image/EntityImageActivity.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/nwdiag/core/NStackable.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/UStroke.java java
samples/opencv/samples/android/camera-calibration/src/org/opencv/samples/cameracalibration/CameraCalibrator.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/command/Trim.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/preproc/Truth.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/FrontierCalculator.java java
samples/plantuml/test/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/GetJsonKeyTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/creole/Sheet.java java
samples/plantuml/src/zext/plantuml/com/google/zxing/WriterException.java java
samples/opencv/samples/java/tutorial_code/ImgProc/opening_closing_hats/MorphologyDemo2.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/utils/MathUtils.java java
samples/plantuml/test/test/utils/TestUtils.java java
samples/opencv/modules/imgproc/misc/java/src/java/imgproc+Moments.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/argon2/Constants.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/argon2/algorithm/FillBlock.java java
samples/opencv/modules/core/misc/java/src/java/core+CvType.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/eps/PostScriptCommandMoveTo.java java
samples/opencv/modules/core/misc/java/src/java/core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv/samples/java/tutorial_code/ImgTrans/warp_affine/GeometricTransformsDemo.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/package-info.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/version/PLSSignature.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/ftile/vertical/FtileDiamondWIP.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/stats/StatsUtils.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/QualifiedAssoc001_TestResult.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_Agtag_s.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/AbstractUGraphic.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/color/package-info.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/puma/FixedLink.java java
samples/plantuml/test/net/sourceforge/plantuml/LoadJsonTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_textlabel_t.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/A0006_Test.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/creole/command/Img.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/classdiagram/ClassDiagram.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/time/DayOfWeek.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/command/note/CommandFactoryNoteOnLink.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/ditaa/package-info.java java
samples/plantuml/src/jcckit/graphic/FontStyle.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/xmi/XmiTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/DecorateEntityImage3.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/core3/HistogramSimple.java java
samples/plantuml/src/jcckit/plot/PlotListener.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/gtile/GtileSplit.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/style/WithStyle.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/style/parser/StyleTokenType.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/ScaleMaxHeight.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/command/CommandSwimlane.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/hcl/HclParser.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/g2d/DriverPathG2d.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/salt/element/Element.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/math/PSystemLatexFactory.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/timingdiagram/TimingRuler.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/security/SecurityProfile.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/wire/WArrowDirection.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/png/PngSegment.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/ftile/FtileGeometry.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/iterator/CodeIteratorReturnFunction.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/oregon/Keyboard.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/brotli/Dictionary.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/lang/ComplementClose.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/ftile/vcompact/FtileWithNoteOpale.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/help/CommandHelpFont.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/creole/legacy/PSystemCreole.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/geom/XRectangle2D.java java
samples/plantuml/test/net/sourceforge/plantuml/security/SURLTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/command/CommandLabel.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/salt/element/ElementTreeEntry.java java
samples/plantuml/src/gen/lib/common/arrows__c.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/lang/ComplementBeforeOrAfterOrAtTaskStartOrEnd.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/geom/USegmentType.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/core3/TimeLineSimple.java java
samples/plantuml/test/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/TimTestUtils.java java
samples/plantuml/src/gen/plugin/dot_layout/gvlayout_dot_layout__c.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/creole/legacy/StripeTable.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/cucadiagram/BodierJSon.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/json/ParseException.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/real/RealMoveable.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/wbs/WBSTextBlock.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/board/Activity.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/creole/CreoleHorizontalLine.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/bpm/BpmElement.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/elk/proxy/core/options/SizeConstraint.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/svg/DriverPolygonSvg.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/skin/ActorHollow.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/TFunctionArgument.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/gitlog/GitDiagramFactory.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/graphic/FrontierComplex.java java
samples/plantuml/src/gen/lib/pathplan/shortest__c.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/debug/StringBounderDebug.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/TeozAltElseParallel_0005_Test.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/timingdiagram/PlayerRobustConcise.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/cucadiagram/BodyEnhanced1.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/command/ProtectedCommand.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/lang/ComplementTask.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/creole/command/RemoveStyle.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/ftile/vertical/FtileDecorate.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/filesdiagram/FilesType.java java
samples/plantuml/src/zext/plantuml/com/google/zxing/qrcode/decoder/Mode.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/sprite/ListSpriteDiagramFactory.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/ftile/FtileWithSwimlanes.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/bpm/BpmEventResume.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/SequenceLeftMessageAndActiveLifeLines_0002_Test.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/graphic/LifeDestroy.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/command/CommandScaleWidthOrHeight.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/JsonAdd.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/EaterDeclareProcedure.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/ftile/WormTexted.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/draw/TimeHeaderMonthly.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/InstructionEnd.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/abel/package-info.java java
samples/opencv/modules/core/misc/java/test/DMatchTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/FileFormat.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/security/authentication/basicauth/BasicAuthAccessInterceptor.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/command/CommandElseIf2.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/timingdiagram/command/CommandConstraint.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/stats/FormatCounter.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/emoji/PSystemListEmojiFactory.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/braille/BrailleChar.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/graphic/PageSplitter.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_Agattr_s.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/lang/SubjectSeparator.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/tikz/DriverAtomTextTikz.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/gtile/GtileCircleSpot.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/preproc/NumericCompare.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/donors/PSystemDonors.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/theme/package-info.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/core3/TimeLine.java java
samples/opencv/modules/features2d/misc/java/test/BruteForceSL2DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/command/CommandAutoNewpage.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/regex/package-info.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/graphic/GraphicalDivider.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/graphic/GraphicalHSpace.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/bpm/BpmEventGoto.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/elk/proxy/core/RecursiveGraphLayoutEngine.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/salt/element/ElementTextField.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/security/SecurityUtils.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/EaterImport.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/ftile/vertical/FtileBox.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/jsondiagram/TextBlockJson.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/PSystemBuilder.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/shape/TextBlock.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/tikz/DriverPathTikz.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/api/ApiWarning.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/lang/ComplementAnything.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/openiconic/SvgCommandNumber.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/api/mda/option2/MDAEntity.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/ClusterManager.java java
samples/opencv/samples/java/tutorial_code/video/meanshift/CamshiftDemo.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/utils/SignatureUtils.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/teoz/Tile.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/FunctionExists.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/HeaderLayout.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/api/v2/DiagramUtils.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/ftile/Connection.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/timingdiagram/package-info.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/creole/atom/AtomImg.java java
samples/plantuml/test/net/sourceforge/plantuml/math/ASCIIMathTeXImgUnitTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/braille/DriverRectangleBraille.java java
samples/plantuml/src/jcckit/plot/CoordinateSystem.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/UGraphic.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/command/CommandSpriteSvg.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/code/ByteArray.java java
samples/plantuml/src/jcckit/plot/SquareSymbolFactory.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/salt/factory/ScrollStrategy.java java
samples/opencv/samples/java/tutorial_code/introduction/documentation/Documentation.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/Participant.java java
samples/plantuml/test/net/sourceforge/plantuml/graphic/color/ColorHSBTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/classdiagram/command/CommandHideShow2.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/command/CommandHideResourceName.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/image/EntityImageDescription.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/geom/ULayoutGroup.java java
samples/opencv/modules/core/misc/java/src/java/core+Rect.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_splines.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_gvplugin_available_s.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/font/PSystemListFonts.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_spline_info_t.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/cucadiagram/SquareMaker.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/stats/package-info.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/extremity/ExtremityCircleCrowfoot.java java
samples/plantuml/test/net/sourceforge/plantuml/ScaleHeightTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/tikz/DriverLineTikz.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/extremity/ExtremityFactoryCircleCross.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/cucadiagram/GroupHierarchy.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/Shadowable.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/stats/StatsLineImpl.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/xmi/XmiClassDiagramStandard.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/puma/PushStrategy.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/bpm/Coord.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/ftile/Worm.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/salt/Terminator.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/eggs/PSystemColors.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/asciiart/ComponentTextGroupingElse.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/TeozAltElseParallel_0001_TestResult.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/abel/Removeable.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/png/PngIOMetadata.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/creole/Neutron.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/real/RealMax.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/expression/Token.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/ebnf/EbnfEngine.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/salt/DataSource.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/bpm/Col.java java
samples/opencv/modules/objdetect/misc/java/test/BarcodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/UDriver.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/lang/SentenceIsColoredForCompletion.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/TMemoryLocal.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_Agedgeinfo_t.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/teoz/Dolls.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/cruise/XEdge.java java
samples/plantuml/src/zext/plantuml/com/google/zxing/qrcode/encoder/BlockPair.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/webp/BoolDecoder.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/SequenceLayout_0005b_Test.java java
samples/opencv/modules/objdetect/misc/java/test/ArucoTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/smetana/core/CArrayOfStar.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/GanttDiagram.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/salt/factory/ElementFactoryTree.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/utils/LineLocation.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/asciiart/ComponentTextActor.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/real/RealUtils.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/preproc/DefineVariable.java java
samples/opencv/modules/core/misc/java/src/java/core+Size.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/golem/MinMaxDouble.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/eps/EpsGraphicsMacroAndText.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/flowdiagram/FlowDiagramFactory.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/asciiart/TranslatedCharArea.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/nwdiag/NwDiagram.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/teoz/YGauge.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/version/PSystemKeycheck.java java
samples/plantuml/src/jcckit/plot/ErrorBarFactory.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/UAntiAliasing.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/theme/ThemeUtils.java java
samples/opencv/samples/java/tutorial_code/ImgTrans/MakeBorder/CopyMakeBorder.java java
samples/opencv/modules/calib3d/misc/java/test/StereoBMTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/zext/plantuml/com/google/zxing/package-info.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/classdiagram/FullLayout.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/GroupingType.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/AbstractInstruction.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/eggs/SentenceProducer.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/command/CommandGroupEnd3.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/abel/Hideable.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/compress/PiecewiseAffineOnXorYBuilder.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/mindmap/CommandMindMapRoot.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/argon2/algorithm/FillMemory.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/command/CommandMultilinesFooter.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/EN_fontname_kind.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/EaterElseIf.java java
samples/plantuml/src/jcckit/plot/TicLabelMap.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/argon2/algorithm/Functions.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/image/EntityImageJson.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/font/PSystemListFontsFactory.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/style/ISkinSimple.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/RoundedContainer.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/Today.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/Delay.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/iterator/CodeIteratorShortComment.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/stats/StatsUtilsIncrement.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/skin/SkinParamColors.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/nwdiag/CommandEndSomething.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/asciiart/ComponentTextGroupingHeader.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/VariableExists.java java
samples/opencv/modules/java/generator/android/java/org/opencv/android/StaticHelper.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/api/PSystemFactory.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/salt/factory/ElementFactoryImage.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/SimpleReturnFunction.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/cucadiagram/EntityPort.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/LogicalNot.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/decoration/Rainbow.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/skin/UmlDiagramType.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/golem/package-info.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/SHAPE_INFO.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/preproc/DefineSignature.java java
samples/plantuml/test/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/SplitStrRegexTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/regexdiagram/ReTokenType.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/classdiagram/command/GenericRegexProducer.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/eps/EpsStrategy.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/iterator/CodeIteratorInnerComment.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram/ActivityDiagramFactory.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/math/ConverterSvg.java java
samples/opencv/modules/features2d/misc/java/test/GFTTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/gtile/Gtile.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/SequenceLeftMessageAndActiveLifeLines_0003_TestResult.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/image/SmallestEnclosingCircle.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/code/CompressionNone.java java
samples/opencv/samples/java/tutorial_code/ShapeDescriptors/hull/HullDemo.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/SourceFileReaderCopyCat.java java
samples/opencv/modules/java/generator/android-21/java/org/opencv/android/CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/plantuml/src/org/stathissideris/ascii2image/graphics/ShapePoint.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/chronology/ChronologyDiagram.java java
samples/opencv/modules/java/generator/src/java/org/opencv/osgi/OpenCVInterface.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/tikz/UGraphicTikz.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/font/FontStyle.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/zopfli/LzStore.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/zopfli/SymbolStats.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/Event.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/extremity/ExtremityFactoryDoubleLine.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/ScaleSimple.java java
samples/opencv/modules/features2d/misc/java/test/AGASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/core/TaskCode.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/flashcode/FlashCodeUtilsZxing.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_path.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/LineBreakStrategy.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/core/Moment.java java
samples/plantuml/test/net/sourceforge/plantuml/help/CommandHelpThemeTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/stereo/StereotypeDecoration.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/asciiart/ComponentTextDelay.java java
samples/plantuml/test/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/JsonRemoveTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/InstructionStart.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/xmi/XmiDescriptionDiagramAbstract.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/gtile/AbstractGtile.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/salt/factory/ElementFactoryPyramid.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/CopyForegroundColorToBackgroundColor.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/decoration/symbol/USymbolArtifact.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/SvgAttributes.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/regex/RegexLeaf.java java
samples/plantuml/src/jcckit/util/ConfigParameters.java java
samples/plantuml/src/zext/plantuml/com/google/zxing/common/BitSource.java java
samples/opencv/samples/java/tutorial_code/ImgProc/Pyramids/Pyramids.java java
samples/plantuml/src/org/stathissideris/ascii2image/core/DocBookConverter.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/xmi/XmiClassDiagramAbstract.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/command/CommandEnd3.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/dot/GraphvizWindowsOld.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_Ppoly_t.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/Chr.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/salt/DataSourceImpl.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/geom/XLine2D.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/salt/Positionner2.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/compress/ExpandType.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/asciiart/ComponentTextNewpage.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/IntVal.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/A0005_Test.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/cucadiagram/TextBlockCucaJSon.java java
samples/plantuml/src/jcckit/util/Point.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/puma/PushDirection.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/SequenceLeftMessageAndActiveLifeLines_0003_Test.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/decoration/symbol/USymbolStorage.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/InstructionLabel.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/SequenceLayout_0001b_Test.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/dedication/Dedication.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/swing/DirWatcher.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/salt/element/ElementButton.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/draw/TaskDraw.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_blk_t.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/image/EntityImageGroup.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/webp/SegmentQuants.java java
samples/plantuml/src/zext/plantuml/com/google/zxing/client/j2se/MatrixToImageWriter.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/TimingMessageArrowFont_0002_Test.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/VariableManager.java java
samples/opencv/modules/core/misc/java/src/java/core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/mindmap/StripeFrontier.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/gtile/GtileIfAlone.java java
samples/plantuml/test/net/sourceforge/plantuml/security/SFileTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/gen/lib/cdt/dtextract__c.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_dthold_s.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/lang/SentenceTaskStartsOnlyRelative.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/UGraphicInterceptorUDrawable.java java
samples/plantuml/src/com/plantuml/api/cheerpj/v1/Svg.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/lang/SubjectDaysAsDates.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/bpm/CommandGoto.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/g2d/DriverLineG2d.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/LoadPlanable.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/code/TranscoderSmart.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/wire/WireDiagram.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/objectdiagram/command/CommandCreateMap.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/A0001_Test.java java
samples/plantuml/test/net/sourceforge/plantuml/security/SecurityUtilsTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/graphic/Pushable.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/braille/UGraphicBraille.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/json/JsonString.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/cheneer/ChenEerDiagramFactory.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/lang/SentenceSimple.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/creole/package-info.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/compress/PiecewiseAffineTransform.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/descdiagram/CommandCreateDomain.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/asciiart/ComponentTextSelfArrow.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/timingdiagram/command/CommandAtTime.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/text/SvgCharSizeHack.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/security/authentication/SecurityCredentialsContainer.java java
samples/plantuml/src/jcckit/data/DataPoint.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/abel/EntityGender.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/dot/CucaDiagramSimplifierState.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/command/note/CommandConstraintOnLinks.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/classdiagram/command/CommandLinkClass.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/image/YTransformer.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/command/CommandMainframe.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/StringFunction.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/creole/atom/AtomSprite.java java
samples/plantuml/test/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/Str2JsonTest.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/SequenceArrows_0002_Test.java java
samples/plantuml/src/jcckit/data/DataContainer.java java
samples/plantuml/test/net/sourceforge/plantuml/cheneer/command/CommandCreateEntityTest.java java
samples/opencv/modules/features2d/misc/java/test/Features2dTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/sprite/SpriteContainerEmpty.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/ftp/FtpLoop.java java
samples/opencv/modules/calib3d/misc/java/test/Calib3dTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/command/CommandBreak.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/lang/ComplementInColors2.java java
samples/plantuml/src/gen/lib/common/utils__c.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/lang/SentenceHappensDate.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/command/CommandGroupStart.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/BoolVal.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/time/MonthYear.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/style/CommandStyleMultilinesCSS.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/geom/RectangleArea.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/security/authentication/oauth/AbstractOAuth2AccessAuthorizeManager.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/openiconic/PSystemListOpenIconic.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/lang/SubjectProject.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/SplitStr.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/abel/LinkStrategy.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/braille/BrailleGrid.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/skin/rose/ComponentRoseActiveLine.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/real/RealMiddle.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/hcl/HclDiagramFactory.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/elk/proxy/core/options/EdgeLabelPlacement.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/hand/UEllipseHand.java java
samples/plantuml/src/zext/plantuml/com/google/zxing/datamatrix/decoder/BitMatrixParser.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/classdiagram/command/CommandCreateClassMultilines.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/jsondiagram/JsonDiagram.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/creole/command/AddStyle.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/geom/MinMax.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/JsonRemove.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/argon2/package-info.java java
samples/plantuml/src/zext/plantuml/com/google/zxing/common/reedsolomon/GF256Poly.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_IMapEntry_t.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/ftile/ArrowsRegular.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/code/NoPlantumlCompressionException.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/cucadiagram/Magma.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/command/CommandLanguage.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/descdiagram/command/CommandCreateElementParenthesis.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/EaterLog.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/puma/PSegment.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/SequenceLayout_0004_TestResult.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/xmi/XmiDescriptionDiagramStandard.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/classdiagram/command/CommandAllowMixing.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/GetAllTheme.java java
samples/plantuml/test/net/sourceforge/plantuml/security/authentication/basicauth/BasicAuthAuthorizeManagerTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/Feature.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/golem/Position.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/json/JsonArray.java java
samples/opencv/samples/java/tutorial_code/video/meanshift/MeanshiftDemo.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/api/PlantumlUtils.java java
samples/plantuml/src/smetana/core/UnsupportedStarStruct.java java
samples/opencv/samples/java/tutorial_code/ShapeDescriptors/find_contours/FindContoursDemo.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/graphic/InGroupablesStack.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/bpm/Navigator.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/AbstractEvent.java java
samples/plantuml/src/gen/lib/cgraph/mem__c.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/salt/factory/ElementFactoryRadioOn.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/tim/stdlib/GetAllStdlib.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/command/CommandRotate.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/salt/element/AbstractElementText.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/draw/TimeHeaderSimple.java java
samples/plantuml/src/org/stathissideris/ascii2image/text/AbstractCell.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/command/CommandReturn.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/posimo/LabelImage.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/statediagram/command/CommandCreatePackageState.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_port.java java
samples/plantuml/src/org/stathissideris/ascii2image/graphics/ShapeEdge.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/file/package-info.java java
samples/plantuml/src/gen/lib/pathplan/solvers__c.java java
samples/opencv/modules/java/test/pure_test/src/org/opencv/test/OpenCVTestCase.java java
samples/opencv/samples/java/tutorial_code/ImgTrans/distance_transformation/ImageSegmentationDemo.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/EmptyImageBuilder.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/svek/extremity/MiddleFactorySubset.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/sprite/package-info.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/creole/command/Command.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/code/Upf9Decoder.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/SequenceLayout_0003_TestResult.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/creole/command/CommandCreoleSprite.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/openiconic/OpenIcon.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/style/Style.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/Stdrpt.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/url/Url.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/ftile/FtileGeometryMerger.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/salt/factory/AbstractElementFactoryComplex.java java
samples/opencv/modules/core/misc/java/src/java/core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_inside_t.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/ebnf/PSystemEbnf.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/skin/rose/ComponentRoseReference.java java
samples/plantuml/src/jcckit/package-info.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/sequencediagram/command/CommandNewpage.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/stats/StatsTableImpl.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/skin/rose/ComponentRoseLine.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/abel/CucaNote.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/asciiart/AsciiShape.java java
samples/opencv/modules/highgui/misc/java/src/java/highgui+ImageWindow.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/drawing/svg/DriverLineSvg.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/Failable.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/TeozAltElseParallel_0004_TestResult.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/classdiagram/command/CommandLinkLollipop.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/preproc/Defines.java java
samples/opencv/modules/features2d/misc/java/test/FlannBasedDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/ST_Agraphinfo_t.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/ftile/vertical/FtileDiamond.java java
samples/plantuml/src/h/EN_layout_type.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/klimt/Arrows.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/definition/package-info.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/SequenceLayout_0001b_TestResult.java java
samples/opencv/modules/core/misc/java/test/KeyPointTest.java java
samples/opencv/samples/android/tutorial-4-opencl/src/org/opencv/samples/tutorial4/NativePart.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/abel/GroupType.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/SequenceArrows_0001_TestResult.java java
samples/opencv/samples/java/tutorial_code/ImgTrans/remap/RemapDemo.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/activitydiagram3/command/CommandIfLegacy1.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/regex/RegexConcat.java java
samples/plantuml/test/nonreg/simple/A0004_Test.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/lang/ComplementUrl.java java
samples/plantuml/src/net/sourceforge/plantuml/project/lang/Something.java java
samples/zed/crates/git_hosting_providers/src/providers/bitbucket.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/assistant/src/slash_command/context_server_command.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/project/src/lsp_store.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/title_bar/src/platforms.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/platform/linux/x11/client.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/platform/linux/x11.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/vim/src/rewrap.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/db/tables/worktree_entry.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/semantic_index/src/embedding/open_ai.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/rope/src/unclipped.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/theme_importer/src/vscode/syntax.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/channel/src/channel_store/channel_index.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/repl/src/repl.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/quick_action_bar/src/toggle_markdown_preview.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab_ui/src/collab_panel/contact_finder.rs rs
samples/zed/extensions/php/src/language_servers.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/geometry.rs rs
samples/zed/extensions/glsl/src/glsl.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/media/src/media.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/api/contributors.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/platform/mac/metal_atlas.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/git_hosting_providers/src/providers/gitee.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/image_viewer/src/image_viewer.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/html_to_markdown/src/markdown_writer.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/styled.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/llm/db/tests/provider_tests.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/google_ai/src/google_ai.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/util/src/paths.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/language_tools/src/key_context_view.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/tests/action_macros.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/editor/src/display_map/invisibles.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/editor/src/editor_settings.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/proto/src/proto.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/ui/src/styles/platform.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/rate_limiter.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/semantic_index/src/project_index_debug_view.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/task/src/lib.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/language_model/src/language_model.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/storybook/build.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/language/src/highlight_map.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/recent_projects/src/recent_projects.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/examples/input.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/storybook/src/stories/cursor.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/multi_buffer/src/anchor.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/docs_preprocessor/src/main.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/tests/channel_message_tests.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/llm/db/queries.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/ui/src/components/list/list.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/tab_switcher/src/tab_switcher.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/ui/src/components/keybinding.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/platform/mac.rs rs
samples/zed/tooling/xtask/src/tasks/licenses.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/indexed_docs/src/providers/rustdoc/to_markdown.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/assistant/src/slash_command/search_command.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/storybook/src/stories/indent_guides.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/editor/src/display_map.rs rs
samples/zed/extensions/csharp/src/csharp.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/zed/src/zed/app_menus.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/platform/windows/display.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/assistant/src/tools/context_server_tool.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/rpc/src/proto.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/go_to_line/src/cursor_position.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/platform.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/extension_cli/src/main.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/db/tables/channel.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/db/tests/processed_stripe_event_tests.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/repl/src/jupyter_settings.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/elements/anchored.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/ui/src/styles/appearance.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/client/src/socks.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/live_kit_server/src/token.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/extension_host/src/wasm_host.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/ui/src/components/indicator.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/theme/src/scale.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/tests/integration_tests.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/api/events.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/llm/db.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/sqlez/src/statement.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/platform/mac/events.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/task/src/task_template.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/repl/src/components.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/platform/linux/xdg_desktop_portal.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/project/src/lsp_command.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/env.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/settings/src/key_equivalents.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/http_client/src/github.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/language_model/src/provider/google.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/assistant/src/slash_command/auto_command.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/client/src/zed_urls.rs rs
samples/zed/extensions/slash-commands-example/src/slash_commands_example.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/feature_flags/src/feature_flags.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/ui/src/components/list/list_separator.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/semantic_index/src/semantic_index.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/vim/src/test.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/tests/notification_tests.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/db/tables/billing_preference.rs rs
samples/zed/extensions/proto/src/proto.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/language/src/language_registry.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/ui_input/src/ui_input.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/project/src/lsp_ext_command.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/vim/src/normal/yank.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/git/src/commit.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/project/src/direnv.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/db/tables/observed_buffer_edits.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/remote/src/ssh_session.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/arena.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/vim/src/test/vim_test_context.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/api/billing.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/ui/src/tests/path_str.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/db/tables/user_feature.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/markdown/src/markdown.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/text_system/line_wrapper.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/tests/random_project_collaboration_tests.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab_ui/src/notifications/stories.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/language_tools/src/language_tools.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/go_to_line/src/go_to_line.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/assistant/src/slash_command/selection_command.rs rs
samples/zed/extensions/elixir/src/language_servers/elixir_ls.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/platform/linux/wayland.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/reqwest_client/src/reqwest_client.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/assistant/src/context/context_tests.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/git_hosting_providers/src/providers/gitlab.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/platform/windows/system_settings.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/ui/src/components/table.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/recent_projects/src/remote_servers.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/cli/src/main.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/zed/src/main.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/file_finder/src/open_path_prompt.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/platform/linux/x11/window.rs rs
samples/zed/extensions/elixir/src/language_servers.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/db/src/db.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/platform/blade/blade_renderer.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/ui/src/components/image.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/db/tables/project.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/ui/src/components/button/button.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/semantic_index/src/embedding/ollama.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/anthropic/src/anthropic.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/snippet/src/snippet.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/activity_indicator/src/activity_indicator.rs rs
samples/zed/extensions/ruff/src/ruff.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/text_system/line_layout.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/storybook/src/stories/viewport_units.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/storybook/src/assets.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/client/src/test.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/ui/src/traits.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/editor/src/element.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/diagnostics/src/toolbar_controls.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/editor/src/scroll.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/ui/src/components/scrollbar.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/breadcrumbs/src/breadcrumbs.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/db/tables/buffer_snapshot.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/workspace/src/persistence.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/db/queries/rooms.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/remote/src/proxy.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/repl/src/outputs/plain.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/multi_buffer/src/multi_buffer.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/extension/src/extension_builder.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/indexed_docs/src/providers.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/project/src/project_tests.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/audio/src/audio.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/rope/src/rope.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/platform/windows/events.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/project/src/worktree_store.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/window/prompts.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/element.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/repl/src/components/kernel_list_item.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/editor/src/items.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/session/src/session.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/tab_switcher/src/tab_switcher_tests.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/extension_api/wit/since_v0.2.0/settings.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/llm/db/seed.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/workspace/src/notifications.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/keymap/binding.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/platform/linux/wayland/client.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/rich_text/src/rich_text.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/elements/list.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/rpc/src/proto_client.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/assistant/src/slash_command.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/workspace/src/status_bar.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/semantic_index/src/embedding/cloud.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/editor/src/scroll/autoscroll.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/semantic_index/src/chunking.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/live_kit_client/src/prod.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/workspace/src/toolbar.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/platform/linux/platform.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/markdown/examples/markdown_as_child.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/ui/src/components/settings_group.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/llm/db/tables/lifetime_usage.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/language_tools/src/lsp_log_tests.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/platform/mac/attributed_string.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/editor/src/hunk_diff.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/taffy.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/db/tables/language_server.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collections/src/collections.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/db/tables/channel_message.rs rs
samples/zed/extensions/elixir/src/elixir.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/editor/src/indent_guides.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/rpc/connection_pool.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/editor/src/lsp_ext.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/gpui/src/keymap/context.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/git_hosting_providers/src/providers/github.rs rs
samples/zed/extensions/php/src/php.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/semantic_index/src/summary_index.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/vim/src/replace.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/title_bar/src/stories/application_menu.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/client/src/telemetry.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/language_tools/src/lsp_log.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/snippets_ui/src/snippets_ui.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/completion.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/ui_macros/src/derive_path_str.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/collab/src/db/tables/buffer.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/ui/src/prelude.rs rs
samples/zed/crates/repl/src/notebook/notebook_ui.rs rs
